https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13094 (#6814)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

* To configure a cluster based on the available node roles, you can now use the `getNodesWithExactRoles` function to receive a list of nodes, and use the `hasNodesWithExactRoles` function to receive confirmation about clusters that contain nodes with only the roles that you specified. See link:../governance/template_functions.adoc#template-functions[Template functions] for more details.

> * You can now define additional health checks and customize status messages for your resource kinds by configuring your `ArgoCD` resource. See link:../gitops/gitops_manage_policy_def.adoc#config-gitops-healthcheck[Configuring policy health checks in {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)] for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
* You can now define additional health checks and customize status messages for your resource kinds by configuring your `ArgoCD` resource. See link:../gitops/gitops_manage_policy_def.adoc#config-gitops-healthcheck[Configuring policy health checks in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps] for more information.
```
